LitCode v0.02 - Implementation of Tangling and Weaving scripts for LaTeX files  

- Modified: ./  
        * Description: LitCode root directory  
        * Deleted: litcode-dump.json: No longer required.  
        * Modified: Makefile: New Makefile which leverages the bootstrap code to build and install LitCode.  
        * New: LICENSE: Added GPL 3 license.  
        * New: README.md: Added a README file giving a brief description of the project.  

- Modified: bootstrap/  
        * Description: Code in the bootstrap is responsible for bootstrapping ldump, ltangle and lweave out of the 
        `.web` files present in web/  
        * New: ldump.py: Responsible for creating a dictionary of all chunks in the files passed as command-line 
        arguments. The dictionary can be saved as a `.json` file via output redirection operator `>`.  
        * New: ltangle.py: Responsible for tangling the source code out of literate files.  
        * New: lweave.py: Responsible for weaving the literate files to create pretty-printed documentation.  
        * Deleted: litcode.py: The job done by litcode.py is now being done by ldump.py, ltangle.py and lweave.py.  
        * Deleted: scratch.py: No longer required.  
        * Deleted: README.md: No longer required.  
        * Deleted: build.sh: No longer required as we will be using pip to install LitCode as console scripts.  

- New: web/  
        * Contains the source code of litcode.sty, plsty.py, ldump.py, ltangle.py and lweave.py in the form of
        literate programs. LaTeX has been used for constructing the documentation.  
        * New: examples.web: Contains examples of literate programs.  
        * New: introduction.web: Provides an explanation of the concept of literate programming.  
        * New: ldump.web: Responsible creating a dictionary of all chunks in literate programming files.  
        * New: litcode.web: Structure of LaTeX documentation of LitCode.  
        * New: ltangle.web: Responsible for tangling a chunk with proper expansion of references to chunks contained in 
        it. Leverages the dictionary of chunks created by ldump.py.  
        * New: lweave.web: Responsible for processing chunk names and references so that they are properly typesetted in 
        the PDF generated by pdflatex.  
        * New: plsty.web: Responsible for writing litcode.sty.  
        * New: references.web: Bunch of references.  
        * New: setup.web: Responsible for providing information to pip on how the package is to be installed on the 
        system.  
        * New: source_code.web: A file organizing the way all the source codes are to be arranged in the final 
        documentation.  
        * New: styling_file.web: Contains litcode.sty which is responsible for typesetting chunks and there references 
        thereof properly in a literate program.  
        * New: terminology.web: Empty file. Will provide explanation of terminology used when talking about literate 
        programs.  
        * New: version.web: Version number of LitCode being used is mentioned here.  

- New: documentation/  
        * Output of lweave (.tex files) and plsty (litcode.sty) are stored in this directory. These are
        compiled into a PDF using biber and pdflatex, which is also kept in the same directory.  

- New: examples/  
        * Contains examples of literate programs.  
